the bees rush out in defense but this is
their undoing
one by one they're picked off
[Music]
more Hornets join the attack
the Hornets emit a chemical rallying cry
and this triggers a unique phenomenon
they no longer carry B carcasses back to
the mess
instead they slaughter then cast aside
the body of every defender they need
[Music]
it's the start of a mass attack
each warrior can kill up to 40 bees a
minute the European bees aren't number
the Hornets a thousand to one
but they didn't evolve alongside these
huge Asian predators and have no
effective defense
within the are 10,000 bees are dying
their stings are not strong enough fart
as the corpses pile up the Hornets begin
to tire giant Hornets are so big they
are in danger of overheating
but the send to the prize inside drives
them to fight until they drop
30,000 honeybees have died in three
hours falling victim to just 30 giant
Hornets by midday the defenses are
breached
now the real plunder begins
the Hornets pay little attention to the
few surviving bees the motivation for
the attack lies within the cones outside
the exhausted Hornets exchange liquids
to boost their energy inside the
defenseless young are butchered the
succulent and nutritious
flesh will be a massive boost to the
Hornets own larvae and their Queens
fortunes
[Music]